---
layout: post
published: true
title: Morgan Freeman
comments: true
categories: misc
---

Cities fall but they are rebuilt. Heroes die but they are remembered. You measure yourself by the people who measure themselves by you. No, this is Mount Everest. You should flip on the Discovery Channel from time to time. But I guess you can't now, being dead and all. That tall drink of water with the silver spoon up his ass. I did the same thing to Gandhi, he didn't eat for three weeks. Circumstances have taught me that a man's ethics are the only possessions he will take beyond the grave. I once heard a wise man say there are no perfect men. Only perfect intentions. Bruce... I'm God. Mister Wayne, if you don't want to tell me exactly what you're doing, when I'm asked, I don't have to lie. But don't think of me as an idiot. Mister Wayne, if you don't want to tell me exactly what you're doing, when I'm asked, I don't have to lie. But don't think of me as an idiot. Cities fall but they are rebuilt. Heroes die but they are remembered. Rehabilitated? Well, now let me see. You know, I don't have any idea what that means.

I did the same thing to Gandhi, he didn't eat for three weeks. Rehabilitated? Well, now let me see. You know, I don't have any idea what that means. No, this is Mount Everest. You should flip on the Discovery Channel from time to time. But I guess you can't now, being dead and all. No, this is Mount Everest. You should flip on the Discovery Channel from time to time. But I guess you can't now, being dead and all. I did the same thing to Gandhi, he didn't eat for three weeks. I now issue a new commandment: Thou shalt do the dance. Rehabilitated? Well, now let me see. You know, I don't have any idea what that means. Let me tell you something my friend. Hope is a dangerous thing. Hope can drive a man insane. That tall drink of water with the silver spoon up his ass. You measure yourself by the people who measure themselves by you. Cities fall but they are rebuilt. Heroes die but they are remembered. I don't think they tried to market it to the billionaire, spelunking, BASE-jumping crowd.

Mister Wayne, if you don't want to tell me exactly what you're doing, when I'm asked, I don't have to lie. But don't think of me as an idiot. It only took me six days. Same time it took the Lord to make the world. The man likes to play chess; let's get him some rocks. Let me tell you something my friend. Hope is a dangerous thing. Hope can drive a man insane. I don't think they tried to market it to the billionaire, spelunking, BASE-jumping crowd. It only took me six days. Same time it took the Lord to make the world. Cities fall but they are rebuilt. Heroes die but they are remembered. Multiply your anger by about a hundred, Kate, that's how much he thinks he loves you. Let me tell you something my friend. Hope is a dangerous thing. Hope can drive a man insane. I don't think they tried to market it to the billionaire, spelunking, BASE-jumping crowd. I once heard a wise man say there are no perfect men. Only perfect intentions. I once heard a wise man say there are no perfect men. Only perfect intentions.